There are many examples of
wonderful open business Internet
things platforms. Amongst them
the Eclipse Foundation, which is
supported by a consortium of
business is the foundation
provides a wide range of
software products for Internet
of Things, applications on
permissive licenses. Are clips
mosquito broker is one of these.
Smart Cambridge is supported by
consortium of organizations,
including the University of
Cambridge and the Greater
Cambridge Partnership. The
digital platform exposes data on
public service infrastructure
for complementary applications.
London Arissa website. Supported
by the London Air Quality
Network. It allows the public
to explore air quality data
across the Greater London area
and identify health risks.
I'd recommend you take some time
to explore these businesses
websites. Investigate further.